Doctor Mayfair
Is that really my daughter?
Not a classic result shows
You and the dark couple
Genetic inclusion up to 99%
Miss Mayfair is indeed your daughter
Great Phil
Mom's good daughter
Mom has been looking for you for 18 years
It turns out that you have always been by your mother's side
younger sister
Are you really my sister?
Chenchen
See if you're carried away by joy
Can't even speak clearly
Mayfair not only has the jade pendant composed of our Xu family
Even swallowed DNA, this can be fake
Yes, yes, yes.
Mom, happiness came too suddenly.
I can't even react
Alright Mayfair
Mom takes you home
Thank you doctor
If you report a fake, you can get 1 million
This deal is not a loss